Use natural parameters when specifying uncertain distributions (#893)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

## Documentation

- Brought the docs on `alpha_sd` up to date with the code change from prior PR #853. By @zsusswein in #862 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.

> - All examples now use the natural parameters of distributions rather than the mean and standard deviation to remove warnings and encourage best practice. By @jamesmbaazam in #893 and reviewed by @.

Author: ```suggestion
- All examples now use the natural parameters of distributions rather than the mean and standard deviation and fixed instead of uncertain parameters to remove warnings and encourage best practices. By @jamesmbaazam in #893 and reviewed by @sbfnk.
```

> - All examples now use the natural parameters of distributions rather than the mean and standard deviation and fixed instead of uncertain parameters to remove warnings and encourage best practices. By @jamesmbaazam in #893 and reviewed by @sbfnk.

Author: ```suggestion
- All examples now use fixed instead of uncertain parameters to remove warnings. By @jamesmbaazam in #893 and reviewed by @sbfnk.
```
